feat: add link previews to MessageInput (#2083)
GetStream/stream-chat-react: docusaurus/docs/React/components/contexts/message-input-context.mdx

| ---------------------------- |
| { [id: string]: FileUpload } |

### findAndEnqueueURLsToEnrich

> Function that triggers the search for URLs and their enrichment. It is available only if link preview rendering is enabled. Link previews are by default disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function responsible for initiating URL discovery and their subsequent enrichment. It is available only if link preview rendering is enabled. Link previews are disabled by default.
```
